{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green102\blue204;\red102\green102\blue102;\red0\green153\blue0;\red204\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440

\pard\qc
\f0\fs36\b Cerebro Platform Architecture\b0\fs22\par
\fs20\cf3 Customer Feedback Intelligence Platform\cf1\fs22\par
\fs18\i Built on Cloudflare Developer Platform\i0\fs22\par
\fs16\cf5 PROTOTYPE - Uses Synthetic Data Generation\cf1\fs22\par
\par

\pard
\fs28\b 1. High-Level Architecture (Prototype)\b0\fs22\par
\par
{\f1\fs18
+------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
|                    DATA GENERATION (Prototype)                    |\par
|  +--------------------+  +--------------------+  +--------------+ |\par
|  | Cron Trigger       |  | Manual Trigger     |  | SQL Seeds    | |\par
|  | (Hourly synthetic  |  | (/api/cron/trigger)|  | (Bulk data)  | |\par
|  |  feedback gen)     |  |                    |  |              | |\par
|  +--------------------+  +--------------------+  +--------------+ |\par
+-------------------------------+----------------------------------+\par
                                |\par
                                | Synthetic feedback records\par
                                v\par
+------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
|                 CLOUDFLARE WORKERS (Edge Runtime)                 |\par
|  +-------------+  +-------------+  +-------------+  +-----------+ |\par
|  | Scheduled   |  | Feedback    |  | Analytics   |  | Chat      | |\par
|  | Handler     |  | Handler     |  | Handler     |  | Handler   | |\par
|  +-------------+  +-------------+  +-------------+  +-----------+ |\par
+------------------------------------------------------------------+\par
                         |                |               |\par
                         v                v               v\par
                  +-------------+  +-------------+  +-------------+\par
                  | Workers AI  |  | D1 Database |  | Vectorize   |\par
                  | (ML Models) |  | (SQL)       |  | (Vectors)   |\par
                  +-------------+  +-------------+  +-------------+\par
                                        |\par
                                        v\par
                           +------------------------+\par
                           |   Cloudflare Pages     |\par
                           |   (React Dashboard)    |\par
                           +------------------------+\par
}\par
\par
\fs24\b Note:\b0  In production, the Data Generation layer would be replaced by real\par
webhook integrations (GitHub, Discord, Zendesk, etc.). The webhook handlers\par
exist in code but are not connected to real external sources in this prototype.\par
\par

\fs28\b 2. Cloudflare Products Used\b0\fs22\par
\par
\fs24\b Why This Stack?\b0\fs22\par
\par
\bullet  \b All-in-One Platform:\b0  Everything runs on Cloudflare's edge network - no need for AWS, GCP, or separate AI providers. Single dashboard, single billing, unified tooling.\par
\bullet  \b Free Tier Friendly:\b0  The prototype runs entirely on free tiers (Workers: 100K req/day, D1: 5M reads/day, Workers AI: 10K neurons/day, Vectorize: 30M dimensions).\par
\bullet  \b Low Latency:\b0  Workers + D1 + Vectorize all run at the edge, close to users. AI inference happens on Cloudflare's GPUs without external API round-trips.\par
\bullet  \b Developer Experience:\b0  Single wrangler.toml config, local dev with wrangler dev, TypeScript throughout, bindings injected into worker environment.\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
\b Product\cell Why It Was Chosen\cell\b0\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Workers\cell Serverless compute at the edge. Runs all API endpoints, handlers, and business logic. No server management, auto-scales, low latency globally.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
D1\cell SQLite-based relational database. Stores structured feedback, customers, alerts, themes. Free tier, tight Workers integration, SQL queries for analytics.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Workers AI\cell On-platform AI inference. Runs sentiment analysis, theme classification, embeddings, and chat. No external API calls, no API keys to manage, usage-based pricing.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Vectorize\cell Vector database for semantic search. Stores 768-dim embeddings of feedback content. Enables "find similar feedback" and RAG context retrieval for chatbot.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Pages\cell Static site hosting with CDN. Hosts the React dashboard globally with automatic builds from git. Free SSL, fast deploys.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Cron Triggers\cell Scheduled execution. Fires hourly to generate synthetic feedback. In production, would handle periodic tasks like digest emails or stale alert cleanup.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Queues\cell NOT USED - Requires Workers Paid ($5/mo). Would enable async processing. 1M ops/mo free within paid plan. Code exists but disabled.\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx2500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Email Routing\cell NOT CONNECTED - Code exists for alert emails but requires domain setup in Cloudflare.\cell\row

\pard\par
\fs24\b What Each Product Does in Cerebro:\b0\fs22\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
\b Feature\cell Products Used\cell\b0\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Submit feedback\cell Workers \uc2\u8594 Workers AI (embedding) \uc2\u8594 D1 + Vectorize\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
View dashboard\cell Pages \uc2\u8594 Workers \uc2\u8594 D1 (queries)\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
AI Chat\cell Workers \uc2\u8594 Workers AI (embedding) \uc2\u8594 Vectorize (search) \uc2\u8594 Workers AI (LLM)\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Analytics\cell Workers \uc2\u8594 D1 (aggregations) \uc2\u8594 Workers AI (report generation)\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Semantic search\cell Workers \uc2\u8594 Workers AI (query embedding) \uc2\u8594 Vectorize (similarity) \uc2\u8594 D1\cell\row

\pard\par

\fs28\b 3. Workers Layer - API Handlers\b0\fs22\par
\par
Location: {\f1 workers/src/handlers/}\par
\par
\b Actively Used in Prototype:\b0\par
\bullet  {\f1 scheduled.ts} - \b PRIMARY DATA SOURCE\b0  - Cron job generates synthetic feedback hourly\par
\bullet  {\f1 feedback.ts} - CRUD operations for feedback records\par
\bullet  {\f1 analytics.ts} - Metrics, trends, and AI-generated reports\par
\bullet  {\f1 chat.ts} - AI chatbot for querying feedback insights\par
\bullet  {\f1 search.ts} - Semantic and keyword search across feedback\par
\bullet  {\f1 alerts.ts} - Alert management and notification triggers\par
\par
\b Scaffolded but Not Connected (Production-Ready):\b0\par
\bullet  {\f1 webhooks.ts} - Webhook endpoints exist for GitHub, Discord, Zendesk but no real integrations\par
\par

\fs28\b 4. Services Layer\b0\fs22\par
\par
Location: {\f1 workers/src/services/}\par
\par
\b 4.1 AI Service ({\f1 ai.ts})\b0\par
\bullet  {\f1 analyzeSentiment()} - Sentiment scoring using {\f1 distilbert-sst-2-int8}\par
\bullet  {\f1 classifyThemes()} - Theme extraction using {\f1 llama-3.1-8b-instruct}\par
\bullet  {\f1 calculateUrgency()} - Priority scoring based on content/customer\par
\bullet  {\f1 generateEmbedding()} - Vector embeddings via {\f1 bge-base-en-v1.5}\par
\bullet  {\f1 generateText()} - LLM responses for chat and reports\par
\par
\b 4.2 Database Service ({\f1 database.ts})\b0\par
\bullet  CRUD operations for all entities\par
\bullet  Query builders for filtering/pagination\par
\bullet  JSON serialization for array fields\par
\par
\b 4.3 Vectorize Service ({\f1 vectorize.ts})\b0\par
\bullet  Store embeddings with feedback metadata\par
\bullet  Semantic similarity search\par
\bullet  RAG context retrieval for chatbot\par
\par
\b 4.4 Queue Service ({\f1 queue.ts})\b0\par
\bullet  Async feedback processing\par
\bullet  Batch AI analysis operations\par
\bullet  Retry handling for failures\par
\par
\b 4.5 Notification Services\b0\par
\bullet  {\f1 email.ts} - Email alerts via Cloudflare Email Routing\par
\bullet  {\f1 slack.ts} - Slack webhook notifications\par
\par

\fs28\b 5. Data Models\b0\fs22\par
\par
Location: {\f1 workers/src/types/index.ts}\par
\par
\b Core Entities:\b0\par
\par
\b Feedback\b0\par
{\f1\fs18
\{\par
  id: string\par
  content: string\par
  source: 'github' | 'discord' | 'twitter' | 'support' | 'forum' | 'email'\par
  sentiment: number (-1 to 1)\par
  sentiment_label: 'positive' | 'neutral' | 'frustrated' | 'concerned' | 'annoyed'\par
  urgency: number (1-10)\par
  product: string\par
  themes: string[]\par
  customer_id: string\par
  customer_name: string\par
  customer_tier: 'enterprise' | 'pro' | 'free'\par
  customer_arr: number\par
  status: 'new' | 'in_review' | 'acknowledged' | 'in_progress' | 'resolved'\par
\}\par
}\fs22\par
\par
\b Customer\b0\par
{\f1\fs18
\{\par
  id: string\par
  name: string\par
  email: string\par
  tier: 'enterprise' | 'pro' | 'free'\par
  arr: number\par
  products: string[]\par
  health_score: number\par
\}\par
}\fs22\par
\par
\b Alert\b0\par
{\f1\fs18
\{\par
  id: string\par
  type: 'critical' | 'warning' | 'info'\par
  message: string\par
  product: string\par
  acknowledged: boolean\par
  feedback_ids: string[]\par
\}\par
}\fs22\par
\par

\fs28\b 6. AI Models Used\b0\fs22\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx6000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
\b Model\cell Task\cell Identifier\cell\b0\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx6000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
DistilBERT\cell Sentiment Analysis\cell @cf/huggingface/distilbert-sst-2-int8\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx6000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Llama 3.1 8B\cell Theme Classification, Chat, Reports\cell @cf/meta/llama-3.1-8b-instruct\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx6000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
BGE Base\cell Text Embeddings\cell @cf/baai/bge-base-en-v1.5\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx6000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
BART Large\cell Summarization\cell @cf/facebook/bart-large-cnn\cell\row

\pard\par

\fs28\b 7. Data Flow (Prototype)\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b 7.1 Synthetic Feedback Generation (How Prototype Actually Works)\b0\par
{\f1\fs18
1. Cron Trigger fires hourly (or manual /api/cron/trigger)\par
2. scheduled.ts generates 5-15 random feedback items:\par
   - Picks random customer from hardcoded list\par
   - Picks random product (workers, r2, pages, d1, etc.)\par
   - Picks random template (performance, bugs, pricing, positive)\par
   - Adds randomized sentiment/urgency values\par
3. Processing is SYNCHRONOUS (Queues disabled - PAID feature):\par
   a. analyzeSentiment() \uc2\u8594 sentiment score + label\par
   b. classifyThemes() \uc2\u8594 theme array\par
   c. calculateUrgency() \uc2\u8594 urgency score\par
   d. generateEmbedding() \uc2\u8594 768-dim vector\par
4. Store in D1 (feedback table)\par
5. Store in Vectorize (for semantic search)\par
\par
NOTE: Queue service code exists but is NOT active.\par
Queues require Workers Paid plan ($5/mo) but include 1M free ops/mo.\par
Prototype runs on Free plan, so Queues are commented out in wrangler.toml.\par
}\fs22\par
\par
\b 7.2 Production Webhook Flow (Not Connected in Prototype)\b0\par
{\f1\fs18
1. External Source (GitHub/Discord/Zendesk) \uc2\u8594 Webhook Handler\par
2. Webhook Handler parses payload \uc2\u8594 Queue (FEEDBACK_QUEUE)\par
3. Queue Consumer processes with AI (same as above)\par
4. Store in D1 + Vectorize\par
Note: Webhook endpoints exist but no real external services are connected.\par
}\fs22\par
\par
\b 7.3 Chat/Search Flow (Fully Functional)\b0\par
{\f1\fs18
1. User Query \uc2\u8594 Chat Handler\par
2. generateEmbedding(query) \uc2\u8594 query vector\par
3. Vectorize.query() \uc2\u8594 top-k similar feedback\par
4. Build RAG context from matches\par
5. generateText(context + query) \uc2\u8594 AI response\par
6. Return structured response with sources\par
}\fs22\par
\par

\fs28\b 8. Frontend Architecture\b0\fs22\par
\par
Location: {\f1 frontend/src/}\par
\par
\b Technology Stack:\b0\par
\bullet  React 18 with TypeScript\par
\bullet  Vite for build tooling\par
\bullet  Tailwind CSS for styling\par
\bullet  Hosted on Cloudflare Pages\par
\par
\b Key Components:\b0\par
\bullet  {\f1 App.tsx} - Main dashboard with tabs for different views\par
\bullet  {\f1 AIChatbot.tsx} - Floating AI assistant widget\par
\bullet  {\f1 hooks/useApi.ts} - API communication hooks\par
\bullet  {\f1 services/api.ts} - API client configuration\par
\par

\fs28\b 9. Database Schema (D1)\b0\fs22\par
\par
Location: {\f1 workers/migrations/001_initial.sql}\par
\par
\b Tables:\b0\par
\bullet  {\f1 feedback} - Core feedback records\par
\bullet  {\f1 customers} - Customer profiles and metadata\par
\bullet  {\f1 themes} - Trending theme aggregations\par
\bullet  {\f1 alerts} - Alert history and status\par
\bullet  {\f1 feature_requests} - Aggregated feature requests\par
\par

\fs28\b 10. Deployment URLs\b0\fs22\par
\par
\bullet  \b Dashboard:\b0  https://cerebro-dashboard.pages.dev\par
\bullet  \b API:\b0  https://cerebro-api.<account>.workers.dev\par
\par

\fs28\b 11. Prototype vs Production\b0\fs22\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
\b Component\cell Prototype\cell Production (Future)\cell\b0\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Data Source\cell Synthetic (cron + templates)\cell Real webhooks from GitHub, Discord, Zendesk\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Customers\cell 10 hardcoded fake customers\cell Real customer database integration\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Webhook Handlers\cell Code exists, not connected\cell Connected to real APIs\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
AI Processing\cell Fully functional\cell Same (production-ready)\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Dashboard\cell Fully functional\cell Same (production-ready)\cell\row

\trowd\trgaph100
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx3000
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx5500
\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\cellx9000
Semantic Search\cell Fully functional\cell Same (production-ready)\cell\row

\pard\par

\fs28\b 12. AI Prompts for Building This Prototype\b0\fs22\par
\par
\fs24\b How to Recreate Cerebro Using Vibe Coding (5 Prompts)\b0\fs22\par
\par
These are the actual prompts you'd use with Cursor, Copilot, or Bolt. Keep it conversational - let the AI figure out the technical details.\par
\par
\fs22\b Prompt 1 - The Vision\b0\fs20\par
{\f1\fs16
"Build me a customer feedback intelligence platform on Cloudflare. I want to collect feedback\par
from different sources, analyze sentiment and themes using AI, and surface insights through\par
a dashboard. Use Workers, D1, Workers AI, and Vectorize. Call it Cerebro."\par
}\fs20\par
\par
\fs22\b Prompt 2 - Make It Smart\b0\fs20\par
{\f1\fs16
"Add AI capabilities to analyze incoming feedback:\par
- Detect if feedback is positive, negative, or frustrated\par
- Extract themes like 'performance', 'pricing', 'bugs', 'feature requests'\par
- Generate embeddings so we can search semantically later\par
- Build a chat interface where I can ask questions about the feedback and get AI answers\par
  with sources"\par
}\fs20\par
\par
\fs22\b Prompt 3 - Fake Data for Demos\b0\fs20\par
{\f1\fs16
"I need realistic demo data without connecting real integrations yet. Create a scheduled job\par
that generates fake but realistic customer feedback every hour - mix of complaints about\par
performance, bug reports, feature requests, and happy customers. Make it look like it's\par
coming from enterprise and pro tier customers using different Cloudflare products."\par
}\fs20\par
\par
\fs22\b Prompt 4 - Dashboard\b0\fs20\par
{\f1\fs16
"Create a React dashboard that shows:\par
- Overview with key metrics (total feedback, sentiment breakdown, urgent items)\par
- Feedback list I can filter and search\par
- Analytics with trends over time\par
- At-risk customers (unhappy + high value)\par
- AI chatbot I can ask questions to\par
\par
Make it clean, add dark mode, deploy to Cloudflare Pages."\par
}\fs20\par
\par
\fs22\b Prompt 5 - Ship It\b0\fs20\par
{\f1\fs16
"Help me deploy everything. Set up the database, create the vector index, deploy the worker,\par
seed some initial data, and get the frontend live. Give me the commands to run."\par
}\fs20\par
\par

\line
\pard\qc
\fs18\i Generated from Cerebro Platform codebase analysis\i0\fs22\par
\fs18\i January 2026\i0\fs22\par
}
